README.md, before:

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/sahrohit/pracharya" style="font-size:60px;">
      📚
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Pracharya</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Collaborative Study
    <br />

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/powered-by-electricity.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-typescript.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

</div>

## About The Project

<a href="https://dbdocs.io/sahrohit9586/pracharya">SQL Diagram for the Database</a>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps:

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh copy
   git clone https://github.com/sahrohit/pracharya.git
   ```
2. Install the project dependencies

   ```sh copy
   pnpm install
   ```

3. Rename the `env.example` to `env.local` & update you enviroment variables in all the apps.

   ```js
   API_KEY = YOUR_API_KEY;
   ```

4. Run the following commands to start the development server

   ```sh copy
   pnpm dev
   ```

### After Setting Up

To initialize the project,

`pnpm dev` - Run project in development mode

`pnpm build` - Generate production build for the project

For other commands, check `scripts` in package.json.

## Built With

<div style="display: flex; flex-wrap: wrap;">
<img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/typescript.png" title="Typescript" alt="Typescript" width="50" height="50" />
<img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/256/postgreesql.png" title="Postgresql" alt="Postgresql" width="50" height="50" />
<img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/nextjs.png" title="Nextjs" alt="Nextjs" width="50" height="50" />
</div>

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

Commit message:

refactor(app): :recycle: refactored before launch v0

README.md, after:

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/sahrohit/pracharya" style="font-size:10px;">
      <img src="https://pracharya.vercel.app/favicon.ico" />
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Pracharya</h3>

  <p align="center">
Your Community-powered Study Buddy
    <br />

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/powered-by-electricity.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-typescript.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

</div>

## About The Project

Remember the stress of cramming for exams? Textbooks overflowing with information, expensive coaching centers, and that nagging feeling you might be missing something crucial? We've all been there. But what if there was a solution to make exam preparation simpler, smarter, and easier? Enter Pracharya – your community-powered study buddy!

1. **Community-Sourced Notes:** Learn from high-quality, moderated notes contributed by your peers.
1. **Bite-Sized Summaries:** Master complex concepts with concise summaries perfect for last-minute cramming.
1. **Personalized Mock Exams:** Test your knowledge with personalized mock exams based on the syllabus and community questions.
1. **Vibrant Learning Community:** Connect with fellow students, share tips, and motivate each other on the path to success.
1. **Free and Accessible:** All resources – from notes to tests to forums – are completely free, with unobtrusive ads keeping the platform running.

## Important Links

[Pracharya Launch Blog](https://pracharya.vercel.app/blog/launch)

[SQL Diagram for the Database](https://dbdocs.io/sahrohit9586/pracharya)

[Contribute to our Knowledge base / Notes](https://pracharya.vercel.app/contribute)

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps:

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh copy
   git clone https://github.com/sahrohit/pracharya.git
   ```
2. Install the project dependencies

   ```sh copy
   pnpm install
   ```

3. Rename the `env.example` to `env.local` & update you enviroment variables in all the apps.

   ```js
   API_KEY = YOUR_API_KEY;
   ```

4. Run the following commands to start the development server

   ```sh copy
   pnpm dev
   ```

### After Setting Up

To initialize the project,

`pnpm dev` - Run project in development mode

`pnpm build` - Generate production build for the project

`pnpm db:*` - For DB Operations

For other commands, check `scripts` in package.json.

## Built With

<div style="display: flex; flex-wrap: wrap;">
<img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/typescript.png" title="Typescript" alt="Typescript" width="50" height="50" />
<img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/256/postgreesql.png" title="Postgresql" alt="Postgresql" width="50" height="50" />
<img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/nextjs.png" title="Nextjs" alt="Nextjs" width="50" height="50" />
</div>

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## License

Distributed under the GNU GPL-3 License. See `LICENSE` for more information.
