src/pages/blog/launch.mdx, before:

---
title: Pracharya Launch
date: 2024/04/17
description: Launching our platform to the public for the very first time.
tag: start
ogImage: /opengraph-image.jpg
---

# Introducing Pracharya: Your Community-Powered Study Buddy!
Remember the stress of cramming for exams? Textbooks overflowing with information, expensive coaching centers, and that nagging feeling you might be missing something crucial? We've all been there. But what if there was a solution to make exam preparation simpler, smarter, and easier? Enter Pracharya – your community-powered study buddy!

## Say Goodbye to Textbook:
No more going through endless pages of textbooks filled with outdated and confusing information. With Pracharya, you gain access to well-structured, community-sourced notes, moderated and reviewed by community members.
But that's not all. With Pracharya, you'll also find summarized versions of concepts in every section, perfect for those last-minute study sessions. So, whether you are tackling concepts at the eleventh hour, Pracharya has got you covered.

## Test yourself with Mock tests:
Put your knowledge to the test with an automatically generated mock exam crafted from community-provided questions and syllabus. Get instant, chapter-wise analysis to pinpoint your strengths and weaknesses.

## Join a Thriving Community:
Connect with like-minded students who are also preparing for the exams. Engage in vibrant discussions, ask questions, and share valuable tips to support one another. At Pracharya, we believe in the power of community to motivate and inspire each other towards academic success.

## No hidden cost and barriers:
Access to quality education should be universal and free of charge. Unlike commercializing and gatekeeping information, here at Pracharya, we offer all resources, tests, and forums completely free of cost. We sustain our platform and server costs through responsible banner ads ( no pop-ups! and redirects) and the generosity of our community. Join us in democratizing education for all.

## Join Pracharya:
Head over to our website at [Pracharya](/) and register for free today. Become a contributor and share your valuable knowledge to help the community grow stronger together. Spread the word among your peers and let us embark on this journey towards a brighter, more empowered learning future.

Pracharya isn't just another study tool; it's a revolution in exam preparation. By harnessing the collective knowledge and efforts of a vibrant community, we're transforming the way students approach studying. We believe that education should be accessible to everyone, regardless of financial constraints.
Join us today on Pracharya and become part of a movement towards a brighter, more empowered future of learning.

Commit message:

chore(app): :memo: added discord server links

src/pages/blog/launch.mdx, after:

---
title: Pracharya Launch
date: 2024/04/17
description: Launching our platform to the public for the very first time.
tag: start
ogImage: /opengraph-image.jpg
---

# Introducing Pracharya: Your Community-Powered Study Buddy!
Remember the stress of cramming for exams? Textbooks overflowing with information, expensive coaching centers, and that nagging feeling you might be missing something crucial? We've all been there. But what if there was a solution to make exam preparation simpler, smarter, and easier? Enter Pracharya – your community-powered study buddy!

## Say Goodbye to Textbook:
No more going through endless pages of textbooks filled with outdated and confusing information. With Pracharya, you gain access to well-structured, community-sourced notes, moderated and reviewed by community members.
But that's not all. With Pracharya, you'll also find summarized versions of concepts in every section, perfect for those last-minute study sessions. So, whether you are tackling concepts at the eleventh hour, Pracharya has got you covered.

## Test yourself with Mock tests:
Put your knowledge to the test with an automatically generated mock exam crafted from community-provided questions and syllabus. Get instant, chapter-wise analysis to pinpoint your strengths and weaknesses.

## Join a Thriving Community:
Connect with like-minded students who are also preparing for the exams. Engage in vibrant discussions, ask questions, and share valuable tips to support one another. At Pracharya, we believe in the power of community to motivate and inspire each other towards academic success.

## No hidden cost and barriers:
Access to quality education should be universal and free of charge. Unlike commercializing and gatekeeping information, here at Pracharya, we offer all resources, tests, and forums completely free of cost. We sustain our platform and server costs through responsible banner ads ( no pop-ups! and redirects) and the generosity of our community. Join us in democratizing education for all.

## Join Pracharya:
Head over to our website at [Pracharya](/) and register for free today. Become a contributor and share your valuable knowledge to help the community grow stronger together. Spread the word among your peers and let us embark on this journey towards a brighter, more empowered learning future.

You can also join our [discord server](/discord) for community interactions.

Pracharya isn't just another study tool; it's a revolution in exam preparation. By harnessing the collective knowledge and efforts of a vibrant community, we're transforming the way students approach studying. We believe that education should be accessible to everyone, regardless of financial constraints.
Join us today on Pracharya and become part of a movement towards a brighter, more empowered future of learning.
